Group 16: Activity 1
## New App Ideas - List
1. Reneca's ideas
   
    A.) dog tinder
        - generate dog info
        - give option to like or dislike that dog
    
    B.) pokemon matcher
        - generate pokemon based on input from user such as type, weight, etc.
    
    C.) random funny pic generator
        - button, have meme pop up
        - can scroll through favorites


2. Deki's ideas
    - Wordle app (word guessing)
    - Recipe app (based on ingredients?)
    - Tarot card readings app


4. Annamarie
     - Song Recommendation - Spotify API
     - daily planner - Google Calendar API
     - budget tracker - Gas Prices API
          
6. Ekaterina's ideas
    1.The App which provided the list of movie for night depending on the mood of user.
    2. Music Streaming app provided list of songs based on user's activity
    3. Book recomendation App based on chosen genre 


## Top 3 New App Ideas
- dog tinder
- movie list
- recipe generator

## New App Ideas - Evaluate and Categorize
1. Dog Tinder 
https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/4016432/the-dog-api/RW81vZ4Z
   - **Description**: 
       - matches dogs to potential owners; user sees list of dog for adoption, can like, click on button to display only liked dogs, long click to view info
   - **Category:** 
       - animal adoption
   - **Mobile:** 
       - quick, easy viewing for available dogs; allows for universal access for such
   - **Story:** 
       - helps connect dogs to valid owners
   - **Market:** 
       - anyone seeking to adopt a dog
   - **Habit:** 
       - want-to-be owners use the app as a reliable source to search for available dogs
   - **Scope:** 
       - display list of available dogs (image, name, weight, height, lifespan)
       - include functionality to "like/favorite" that dog
       - can display favorites
       - include buttons to filter breeds


2. Movie List
   - **Description**: 
   An application that provides users with a list of movies selected depending on their mood. It uses the user's information about his current emotional state or mood to suggest suitable movie selections. The app uses an API to match users' sentiments with suitable movie genres or themes.
   - **Category:**
   Entertainment 
   - **Mobile:** 
   The app is available on Android, allowing users to conveniently access movie offerings on their smartphones or tablets.
   - **Story:** 
    The app's history is based on offering personalized recommendations based on the user's mood. It aims to provide a solution when users are undecided on which movie to watch and want help choosing one that suits their current feelings.
   - **Market:** 
    Given that films will be offered based on the API, market restrictions will largely depend on the categories of films generated by the API. It may be worth specifying some age restrictions
   - **Habit:** 
   The app encourages repeat use with personalized recommendations and the convenience of quickly finding suitable movies for different emotional states.
   - **Scope:**
     -    Implementation of a convenient interface for choosing a mood.
        -    Integration of a database of films classified by genres, themes and moods using APIs (for example TMDb API).
        -   Developing algorithms to match user sentiment with corresponding movie suggestions.



3. Recipe generator
https://www.themealdb.com/api.php
    - **Description**: 
        - user can enter category, name of meal,main ingredient, or just ask for a random; generates list of meals and their recipes
   - **Category:** 
       - food
   - **Mobile:** 
       - offered on android for convenient access for easily searching and viewing  recipes
   - **Story:** 
       - Enables easier and reliable access for learning/vieweing recipes to better enrich the user's search for desired meal characteristics
   - **Market:** 
       - anyone interested in learning/searching recipes
   - **Habit:** 
       - a readily available resource when the user needs inspiration/validity for meals
   - **Scope:** 
       - enables anyone and everyone to easily search/view a wide variety of meals
       - involves buttons for random meal/recipe, categories
       - involves text input for name of meal, category
       - displays pictures associated

## Final Chosen Idea - Dog Tinder
